AD editorial suggestions (#76)
ietf-wg-alto/draft-ietf-alto-oam-yang: objectives.md

  (e.g., database schema to store topology collected from an Interface to the
  Routing System (I2RS) client {{RFC7921}})

> However, examples of these are provided in the Appendices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, examples of how related extensions can be defined are provided in the Appendices.
```
